---
title: First Project- Fuzebox lesson 1
layout: post
author: jaymin.bhatt
permalink: /15/09/16/
source-id: 1XhnsDhUcR-7Iy5wf-HGcpMl5L0WeCPJUcYuGskLZhsg
published: true
---
         

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Changing colour Fuzebox lesson 1</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>7/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Complete Project 1 inside the Fuzebox Manual</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To set up my fuzebox and complete the first project</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I reached my target to complete project 1.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My partner and I, received a power cable, a mouse, a Manual and a machine. Once we plugged everything into the right places, we opened the manual and started on Project 1. The first thing our manual told us to do was to Enter the words 'Hello World' onto the editor on Fuzebox. When we entered the String, the programme duplicated the ‘Hello World’ this was because we had to enter ‘Repeat’ Onto the Editor. This would repeat the process multiple times.   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My partner and I, were a bit slow as this was something new. We needed to be more confident and approach the Programme with more recognition that we had experience in some aspects of Computing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to have a lot more confidence in my work and need to keep on following the Manual but at the same time, use my knowledge to help me with the long projects.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


** **

